Now we're going to speak about pivot chores.
So pivot charts enable us to see our data visually,
locate trends and sold problems.
So Excel has an option to insert a pivot chart,
which is basically on extension of your pivot table.
So as you're making changes to your pivot table,
your pivot chart also changes.
So to insert a pivot chart,
we just need to click anywhere inside our pivot table and then either go to a pivot table
in Ali,
stabbed here and then click on Pivot Short.
So that's one way to do it.
Another way is to go to the insert tab here,
and then we can insert the type of chart that we want.
We could also go to the recommended chart and see what charts are recommended for us and
check the different types of charts here.
And we could also hear Go to pivot chart as well.
Okay,
so these air multiple ways to insert a pivot chart,
so I'll go to recommend the charts here and then here.
I'm just going to select the Clustered column.
This is the first recommendation.
It's just a normal column chart and press okay here and Now I've inserted a pivot chart.
Now,
on this pivot table,
you can see here that we've got the reasons on the role able section here.
The reasons and then we've got the year as well on the column label section.
And if you check here the names of the different areas year when you click on the pivot
table,
the names are rows,
columns and submission of values and filters.
But when you click on the pivot chart itself,
the names change a bit here,
so filters remain as it is in submission of values.
But here the Role Able section is now the access categories,
and the column label section is now the legend or the Siri's.
Okay,
so you can see here that the names changed a bit here on the role local section and the
column label section,
and you can see here that the field on the role labels is actually on the X axis so you can
see the regions are on the X axis and the fields on the field.
On the column labels you can see here.
It's actually on the Y axis,
and the values as well off course are plotted on the Y axis on Because this is a pivot
chart,
you can definitely switch over here the fields on the X axis and the Y axis So you could
get the year here and you could get the region here.
And you have a different chart now,
where you have the years on the X axis and you have the reasons here on the Y axis,
you can see here.
We've got a legend of the elements here on the Y axis.
Here,
we've got a legend that shows us the different regions.
And before,
of course,
this legend showed us the different years when we had the years on the Y axis and the
reasons on the X axis you can see her as well.
We've got some buttons,
and these buttons allow us to filter the chart so we can filter the chart for only the data
for 2016 for example,
and or weaken totally for 2016 in 2017.
As you can see here,
we could also certain filter for certain regions only the Americas,
for example.
On we see only the Americas and these filters are connected to the pivot table.
So as you can see here,
the filter Israel flight on the pivot chart have been applied on the pivot table,
and also that goes vice versa.
So we can select to have over years here on the pivot table,
and that will be reflected on our pivot short as well.
We could select more than the Americas.
So Americans in Australia and we will have that reflected on our pivot short as well.
We could also insert a slicer So even if we insert a slicer so if we answer the slicer,
the slicer will also affect our pivot charts.
I can slice,
for example,
with the region's Aiken.
So look the regions here to be the field under my slicer.
And I can just select a single region here and you can see her.
My slicer effects both my pivot table and my pivot short as well.
So slicers,
pivot tables and pivot charts are connected to each other as long as they have the scene
data sorts off course.
And as long as it is,
you make sure that the slicer is connected to the pivot table as well.
Ok,
guys.
So in this video we managed to explain how to insert a pivot chart and also how to insert a
slicer and control your pivot charts and pivot tables with slicers.
Okay,
guys.
So that's it for this lesson.
Thank you very much.
Watching this video I'll see on the next one.